VMware Workspace One - C2C (#4885)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/vmware-workspace-one-source.md

1. (Optional) For **Source Category**, enter any string to tag the output collected from the Source. Category metadata is stored in a searchable field called `_sourceCategory`.
1. (Optional) **Fields**. Click the **+Add** button to define the fields you want to associate. Each field needs a name (key) and value.
   * ![green check circle.png](/img/reuse/green-check-circle.png) A green circle with a check mark is shown when the field exists in the Fields table schema.
   * ![orange exclamation point.png](/img/reuse/orange-exclamation-point.png) An orange triangle with an exclamation point is shown when the field doesn't exist in the Fields table schema. In this case, an option to automatically add the nonexistent fields to the Fields table schema is provided. If a field is sent to Sumo Logic that does not exist in the Fields schema is ignored, known as dropped.
1. **Endpoint URL**. Enter the [VMware Workspace One platform](#vendor-configuration) endpoint URL. For example, `https://as135.awmdm.com`.
1. **Auth URL**. Enter the API region URL to fetch the auth token collected from the [VMware Workspace One platform](#auth-url). For example, `https://uat.uemauth.vmwservices.com`.

> 1. **Client ID**. Enter the Client ID of your account collected from the [VMware Workspace One platform](##client-id-and-client-secret). For example, `cfea26d59bd542488ea706b025564d42`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Client ID**. Enter the Client ID of your account collected from the [VMware Workspace One platform](#client-id-and-client-secret). For example, `cfea26d59bd542488ea706b025564d42`.
```

---
id: vmware-workspace-one-source

> title: VMware Workspace One

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: VMware Workspace One Source
```

sidebar_label: VMware Workspace One
tags:
    - VMware Workspace One

> description: Collect the details of the devices and the corresponding applications of each device and send them to Sumo Logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Collect the device details and corresponding list of applications for the devices from the VMware Workspace One platform.
```

---
import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import ExampleJSON from '/files/c2c/vmware-workspace-one/example.json';
import MyComponentSource from '!!raw-loader!/files/c2c/vmware-workspace-one/example.json';
import TerraformExample from '!!raw-loader!/files/c2c/vmware-workspace-one/example.tf';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/vmware_workspace_one.png')} alt="vmware-workspace-one-logo" width="60" />

VMware is a leading software company specializing in virtualization and cloud technologies. It offers solutions that enhance IT infrastructure, streamline operations, and improve efficiency across various industries.

> VMware Workspace ONE is a digital workspace platform that combines unified endpoint management, access management, and application management. It allows organizations to securely deliver and manage apps on any device, simplifying device management, boosting security, streamlining user experience, and improving productivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The VMware Workspace One source collects the details of the devices and the corresponding applications of each device and send them to Sumo Logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VMware Workspace One source collects the device details and corresponding list of applications for the devices from the VMware Workspace One platform and send them to Sumo Logic.
```

## Data collected

| Polling Interval | Data |
| :--- | :--- |

> | 24 hours | [Search API](https://cn135.awmdm.com/API/help/Docs/Explore?urls.primaryName=MDM%20API%20V3#/DevicesV3/DevicesV3_SearchAsync) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 24 hours | [Devices](https://cn135.awmdm.com/API/help/Docs/Explore?urls.primaryName=MDM%20API%20V3#/DevicesV3/DevicesV3_SearchAsync) |
```

> | 24 hours | [App API](https://cn135.awmdm.com/API/help/Docs/Explore?urls.primaryName=MDM%20API%20V2#/AppsV2/AppsV2_GetAppListForDevicesAsync) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 24 hours | [Device Applications](https://cn135.awmdm.com/API/help/Docs/Explore?urls.primaryName=MDM%20API%20V2#/AppsV2/AppsV2_GetAppListForDevicesAsync) |
```

## Setup

### Vendor configuration

The VMware Workspace One source supports [O-Auth-based authentication](https://docs.omnissa.com/bundle/WorkspaceONE-UEM-Console-BasicsVSaaS/page/UsingUEMFunctionalityWithRESTAPI.html#create_an_oauth_client_to_use_for_api_commands_saas) and requires you to provide the **Endpoint URL**, **Auth URL**, **Client ID**, and **Client Secret** key to access the data.

#### Endpoint URL

> The integration requires the configuration of the VMware Workspace One request endpoint URL, which will be the domain URL of the VMware Workspace console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Endpoint URL will be the domain URL of the VMware Workspace console. For example, `https://as135.awmdm.com`.
```

Reviewer: First line of this statement is already covered Vendor configuration explanation para.

> Sample Values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - `https://as135.awmdm.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - `https://techp.awmdm.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Auth URL

> The integration requires the configuration of the VMware Workspace One Authentication domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This line of this statement is already covered Vendor configuration explanation para.

> VMware Workspace One API Regions are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table contains the Auth URLs based on the location of your VMware Workspace One API account:
```

| Region | Auth URL |
|:--|:--|
| All UAT Environment | `https://uat.uemauth.vmwservices.com/connect/token` |
| Australia | `https://apac.uemauth.vmwservices.com/connect/token` |
| Canada | `https://na.uemauth.vmwservices.com/connect/token` |
| Germany | `https://emea.uemauth.vmwservices.com/connect/token` |
| Hong Kong	 | `https://apac.uemauth.vmwservices.com/connect/token` |
| India | `https://apac.uemauth.vmwservices.com/connect/token` |
| Japan | `https://apac.uemauth.vmwservices.com/connect/token` |
| Singapore | `https://apac.uemauth.vmwservices.com/connect/token` |
| United Kingdom | `https://emea.uemauth.vmwservices.com/connect/token` |
| United States | `https://na.uemauth.vmwservices.com/connect/token` |

#### Client ID and Client Secret

> Follow the steps mentioned under the [Create an OAuth Client to Use for API Commands (SaaS)](https://docs.omnissa.com/bundle/WorkspaceONE-UEM-Console-BasicsVSaaS/page/UsingUEMFunctionalityWithRESTAPI.html#create_an_oauth_client_to_use_for_api_commands_saas) section to generate the Client ID and Client Secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the Client ID and Client Secret, refer to the [Create an OAuth Client to Use for API Commands (SaaS)](https://docs.omnissa.com/bundle/WorkspaceONE-UEM-Console-BasicsVSaaS/page/UsingUEMFunctionalityWithRESTAPI.html#create_an_oauth_client_to_use_for_api_commands_saas) section.
```

1. Search for and select **VMware Workspace One**.
1. Enter a **Name** for the Source. The description is optional.
1. (Optional) For **Source Category**, enter any string to tag the output collected from the Source. Category metadata is stored in a searchable field called `_sourceCategory`.
1. (Optional) **Fields**. Click the **+Add** button to define the fields you want to associate. Each field needs a name (key) and value.
   * ![green check circle.png](/img/reuse/green-check-circle.png) A green circle with a check mark is shown when the field exists in the Fields table schema.
   * ![orange exclamation point.png](/img/reuse/orange-exclamation-point.png) An orange triangle with an exclamation point is shown when the field doesn't exist in the Fields table schema. In this case, an option to automatically add the nonexistent fields to the Fields table schema is provided. If a field is sent to Sumo Logic that does not exist in the Fields schema is ignored, known as dropped.
1. **Endpoint URL**. Enter the [VMware Workspace One platform](#vendor-configuration) endpoint URL. For example, `https://as135.awmdm.com`.

> 1. **Auth URL**. Enter the API URL to fetch the auth token collected from the [VMware Workspace One platform](#vendor-configuration). For example, `https://uat.uemauth.vmwservices.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Auth URL**. Enter the API region URL to fetch the auth token collected from the [VMware Workspace One platform](#auth-url). For example, `https://uat.uemauth.vmwservices.com`.
```

> 1. **Client ID**. Enter the Client ID of your account collected from the [VMware Workspace One platform](#vendor-configuration). For example, `cfea26d59bd542488ea706b025564d42`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Client ID**. Enter the Client ID of your account collected from the [VMware Workspace One platform](##client-id-and-client-secret). For example, `cfea26d59bd542488ea706b025564d42`.
```

1. **Client Secret**. Enter the Client Secret key of your account collected from the [VMware Workspace One platform](#vendor-configuration). For example, `E2220271xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx4556634`.

> 1. (Optional) **Device Type**. Enter the list of device types to collect their information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) **Device Type**. Enter the list of device types to collect information.
```

### Configuration Object

| Parameter | Type | Required | Default | Description | Example |
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| name | String | Yes | `null` | Type a desired name of the source. The name must be unique per Collector. This value is assigned to the [metadata](/docs/search/get-started-with-search/search-basics/built-in-metadata) field `_source`. | `"mySource"` |
| description | String | No | `null` | Type a description of the source. | `"Testing source"` |
| category | String | No | `null` | Type a category of the source. This value is assigned to the [metadata](/docs/search/get-started-with-search/search-basics/built-in-metadata) field `_sourceCategory`. See [best practices](/docs/send-data/best-practices) for details. | `"mySource/test"` |
| fields | JSON Object | No | `null` | JSON map of key-value fields (metadata) to apply to the collector or source. Use the boolean field `_siemForward` to enable forwarding to SIEM.| `{"_siemForward": false, "fieldA": "valueA"}` |
| requestEndpoint | String | Yes | `null` | The base URL to fetch the data from the VMware Workspace One source. | `https://as135.awmdm.com` |

> | authURL | String | Yes | `null` | API URL to fetch the auth token from the VMware Workspace One source. | `https://uat.uemauth.vmwservices.com` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| authURL | String | Yes | `null` | The API URL to fetch the authentication token from the VMware Workspace One source. | `https://uat.uemauth.vmwservices.com` |
```

| clientID | String | Yes | `null` | Client ID of your account. | `cfea26d59bd542488ea706b025564d42` |
| clientSecret | String | Yes | `null` | Client Secret of your account. | `E2220271xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx4556634` |

> | deviceType | String | No | `null` | Platform type of the device. | `Apple, Android, WindowsPC` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| deviceType | String | No | `null` | Platform type of the device. | `Apple, Android, and/or WindowsPC` |
```

> | pollingIntervalVulnerabilityMin | String | Yes | `24 hours` | Time interval (in minutes) after which the source will check for new data for API.<br/>**Default**: 24 hours<br/>**Minimum**: 12 hours<br/>**Maximum**: 24 hours |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pollingIntervalVulnerabilityMin | String | Yes | `24 hours` | Time interval (in minutes) after which the source will check for new data.<br/>**Default**: 24 hours<br/>**Minimum**: 12 hours<br/>**Maximum**: 24 hours |  |
```
